Our Vision
Our vision is to offer quality services in the fields of Application Development, Enterprise Integration, Business Consulting, and solutions for small, medium, and large businesses to meet their IT & Consulting needs all under one-roof.

SBS Corp always focuses on offering value-added services critical to the success of our clients’ businesses. We provide our customers with the competitive advantage through the adoption of our core technical & domain expertise and capabilities.

As a committed team we strive towards:

Being a trustworthy, customer focused organization
Having an open and dynamic environment where everyone is given an equal opportunity to voice their opinion, respected, and encouraged to excel.
Exploring opportunities that enable the growth of both our customers and our organization.
Our Mission
Our mission is to be a specialized Next Generation IT services provider by offering the best in class portfolio of services to our clients.

We want to become a global one stop shop to meet all our customers’ requirements – offering a combination of simple, cost and time effective benefits to the client.

To achieve this, we encourage each and every employee within our organization to imbibe the spirit of entrepreneurship. We strive to deliver quality services by comprehending our client and employee needs through close interaction and by creating a global network.

Our Values
Drive business transformation for our clients with a firm commitment towards customer sovereignty, passion for excellence, continuous innovation, transparency and integrity, and people orientation.

To ensure continued customer satisfaction, we provide excellent automation products and appertaining services, such as our extensive technical support, high level of technical knowledge and consultancy, effective training, and an enthusiastic sales team.

It is our long-term policy to ensure qualitative and quantitative growth of our business, our international network, and our products, while maintaining the spirit of our team.